
=== page 1 ===
 
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
Fiscal 2026 Second Quarter Earnings 
Conference Call 
Monday, June 01, 2026, 05:00 PM Eastern 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS 
Antonio Neri - President and Chief Executive Officer 
Marie Myers - Chief Financial Officer 
Paul Glaser - Head of Investor Relations 
 


=== page 2 ===
1 
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
Monday, June 1, 2026, 5:00 PM Eastern 
PRESENTATION 
 
Operator 
Good afternoon, and welcome to the Fiscal 2026 Second Quarter Hewlett Packard Enterprise 
Earnings Conference Call.  All participants will be in a listen-only mode.  Should you need 
assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing the "*" key followed by "0."  After 
today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions.  To ask a question, you may 
press "*" then "1" on a touchtone phone.  To withdraw your question, please press "*" and then 
"2."  Please note, this event is being recorded. 
 
I would now like to turn the conference over to Paul Glaser, Head of Investor Relations.  Please 
go ahead, sir. 
 
Paul Glaser 
Good afternoon.  I am Paul Glaser, Head of Investor Relations for Hewlett Packard Enterprise.  I 
would like to welcome you to our fiscal 2026 second quarter earnings conference call with Antonio 
Neri, HPE's President and Chief Executive Officer and Marie Myers, HPE's Chief Financial 
Officer. 
 
Before handing the call to Antonio, let me remind you that this call is being webcast.  A replay of 
the webcast will be available shortly after the call concludes.  We have posted the press release 
and the slide presentation accompanying the release on our HPE investor relations web page. 
 
Elements of the financial information referenced on this call are forward-looking and are based 
on our best view of our business and external factors affecting us as we see them today.  HPE 
assumes no obligation and does not intend to update any such forward-looking statements.  We 
also note that the financial information discussed on this call reflects estimates based on 
information available at this time and could differ materially from the amounts ultimately reported 
in HPE's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 30th, 2026. 
 
Figures used in verbal remarks are rounded for ease of discussion.  For more detailed information, 
please see the earnings materials as well as disclaimers relating to forward-looking statements 
that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions.  Please refer to HPE's filings with the SEC for 
a more detailed discussion of these risks. 
 
For financial information that we are showing on a non-GAAP basis, we have provided 
reconciliations to the comparable GAAP information on our website.  Please refer to the tables 
and slide presentation accompanying today's earnings release on our website for details.  
Throughout this conference call, all revenue growth rates, unless noted otherwise, are presented 
on a year-over-year basis.  Unless otherwise noted, all financial metrics and growth rates 
discussed today are non-GAAP and EPS refers to non-GAAP diluted net earnings per share.  
Certain financial information featured in the presentation today has been normalized to include 
Juniper Networks results as of the beginning of HPE's fiscal 2025.  Antonio and Marie will 
reference our earnings presentation in their prepared comments. 
 
With that, let me turn it over to Antonio. 
 
Antonio Neri 
Thank you, Paul.  Good afternoon, everyone.  HPE delivered an exceptional quarter with record-
breaking results, disciplined execution and clear proof that our strategy is working.  We made 


=== page 3 ===
2 
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
Monday, June 1, 2026, 5:00 PM Eastern 
excellent progress in our Juniper integration and in our Catalyst initiative with both running ahead 
of schedule. 
 
Revenue in the quarter reached $10.7 billion, up 40%.  Non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.79 
increased 108%, significantly above the high end of our outlook.  We generated $915 million in 
free cash flow, an improvement of $1.8 billion, driven by strong cash from operations and 
improved cash conversion cycle performance.  Demand was even stronger than revenue growth. 
 
Orders more than doubled, significantly outpacing revenue, resulting in a record company 
backlog.  Customer investments in agentic AI and AI inferencing accelerated.  We also saw broad-
based demand strength across the portfolio, driven by ongoing investment in compute 
infrastructure modernization, unstructured storage data growth and Private Cloud adoption for AI.  
Last year, at our Securities Analyst Meeting in New York, we laid out our strategy and fiscal 2028 
financial commitments. 
 
Based on our strong first half 2026 results, our record backlog and our visibility into the second 
half demand, we now expect to deliver $3.40 in non-GAAP earnings per share at the midpoint 
and at least $3.5 billion in free cash flow in fiscal 2026.  That is two years ahead of our committed 
long-term plan.  Marie will provide more detail on our third quarter and full year fiscal 2026 outlook 
as well as our fiscal 2027 framework, which is grounded on durable customer demand and the 
profitability of both business segments. 
 
Now let me turn to our business segment highlights, starting with networking.  I am particularly 
pleased with the progress we are making on the Juniper integration.  We are ahead of our 
integration milestones and synergies commitments and the unified portfolio and sales force are 
already strengthening our market position and growth momentum.  Our combined Networking 
portfolio and vision for self-driving networks is resonating with customers and that enthusiasm, 
together with strong go-to-market execution is reflected in our results. 
 
Networking delivered revenue of $2.7 billion, up double-digits on a normalized basis with orders 
growing significantly faster than revenue.  We saw increased demand in Campus & Branch, 
networks for AI and Security.  I am pleased with the strong demand we saw from enterprise 
customers for our networking portfolio. 
 
Campus & Branch orders reached a new record high, growing in the upper 20% range on a 
normalized basis.  We won multimillion dollar deals across multiple verticals, including retail, 
automotive, government and technology.  WiFi 7 access points sales increased more than seven 
times, reflecting a clear shift toward network modernization.  HPE, for the 20th time in a row, was 
named a leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Enterprise Wired and Wireless LAN 
Infrastructure.  We believe this independent industry analyst validation reinforces how far ahead 
we are in enterprise networking beyond even incumbents. 
 
Customers trust us with their most critical network and infrastructure decisions as they expand 
their digital initiatives and AI investments.  One customer taking advantage of the power of our 
combined Campus & Branch Networking portfolio is Lowe's [ph].  With over 1,750 stores across 
North America, Lowe's chose HPE to deliver the network foundation for a major technology 
transformation to support its digital on-ramp and AI-enabled operations. 
 
The solution is built on our HPE Mist AI platform for wired and wireless networking infrastructure 
alongside our HPE Edge Connect SD-WAN solution.  Last month, we reached a milestone with 
the launch of new autonomous agents powered by agentic AI for optimizing networking 


=== page 4 ===
3 
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
Monday, June 1, 2026, 5:00 PM Eastern 
performance.  The self-driving network is no longer a concept.  It is a reality.  The UK Ministry of 
Justice is an early adopter example.  It was able to reduce the number of incidents seen by its 
network operations center by approximately 75% after deploying a suite of solutions that included 
our new HPE self-driving network capabilities. 
 
In enterprise data center switching, orders increased nearly 20% on a normalized basis.  Our data 
center switching pipeline remains strong.  Cross-portfolio product integration and sales across 
server, storage and networking are driving deeper customer engagement and larger deals. 
 
Security orders grew in the mid-teens on a normalized basis.  We continue to make the network 
a first line of defense that responds to threats in real time.  This quarter, we launched the HPE 
Juniper SRX400 series, bringing carrier-grade firewall protection to the branch for large distributed 
environments.  We see significant runway as more customers consolidate networking and security 
with a single vendor, forcing convergence all the way to the silicon layer of the stack where HPE 
will have further differentiation. 
 
In our service provider customer segment, revenue increased double digits on a normalized basis, 
with routing orders growing significantly faster than revenue.  Routing orders increased nearly 
30% on a normalized basis, driven by data center interconnect deployments in large cloud service 
providers. 
 
Customers are choosing HPE because we help them scale in every dimension, scale up by 
increasing the performance and density of individual platforms for the most demanding AI 
workloads, scale-out by expanding the networking fabric to connect thousands of GPUs and 
accelerators within a single data center, and scale across by extending high-bandwidth 
interconnectivity between data centers across campuses and into the wide area network, so AI 
services can run wherever they are needed. 
 
HPE is developing a scale-up ethernet switch and software designed specifically for the AMD 
Helios AI rack-scale architecture, which we expect will be introduced in the fall.  In scale-out, we 
lead with our AI-driven QFX switching fabric.  HPE is the first OEM to productize a Tomahawk 6 
based 100% liquid-cool switch with industry-leading performance and power-efficient for AI 
infrastructure. 
 
In addition, our leading fabric management and AIOps capabilities reduce congestion, latency as 
well as operational complexity.  We expect a road map to extend this leadership through co-
packaged optics, resulting in lower overall power consumption. 
 
In scale-across, the Juniper PTX Series delivers 800 gigabit density with exceptional power 
efficiency, leveraging our distinct Express silicon and simplified AI-native automation, because of 
our leading innovation and market momentum in networks for AI, we are raising our cumulative 
fiscal 2026 networks for AI order target to at least $2 billion. 
 
We are laser-focused on building the best networking business in the industry.  Our priorities are 
clear: extend AI-driven automation across the portfolio, help customers scale modern AI 
infrastructure with secure high-performance networking and lead in the convergence of 
networking and security.  We have the team, the capabilities and the momentum to convert the 
opportunity in this segment into durable shareholder value. 
 


=== page 5 ===
4 
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
Monday, June 1, 2026, 5:00 PM Eastern 
In our Cloud & AI business segment, we executed with strong discipline across all business lines.  
Revenue was $7.7 billion, up 23%, driven by exceptional traditional server orders and very strong 
demand in AI systems, Alletra MP Storage, Private Cloud and GreenLake software and services. 
 
Traditional server orders increased triple-digits as customers continue to modernize their compute 
infrastructure and invest in AI inferencing.  We are working very closely with our silicon and 
memory partners to continue to secure supply, which we factor into our new fiscal 2026 guide.  
We're also engaging customers and channel partners on lead times and configuration options to 
help them plan effectively. 
 
We saw strong demand in AI training throughout the quarter.  We booked $1.8 billion in new AI 
systems orders, bringing cumulative AI systems bookings to $16.4 billion.  We entered Q3 with 
$5.9 billion in backlog, primarily composed of enterprise and sovereign orders.  We are seeing a 
broad pattern across industries.  Enterprise has won the flexibility of choosing multiple AI models 
with the governance and control of on-premises.  We will continue to manage AI systems 
opportunities with a focus on profitable growth and prudent working capital management. 
 
Storage had an outstanding quarter.  Alletra MP Storage orders increased triple-digits, the sixth 
consecutive quarter of strong growth.  Several weeks ago, we expanded the platform with new 
file storage and agentic AIOps capabilities.  This extends Alletra MP into the growing unstructured 
data market. 
 
Our HPE Morpheus Enterprise and HPE VM Essentials software offerings continue to build 
momentum.  Revenue grew sequentially for the fourth consecutive quarter.  VM Essentials 
customer count increased 43% in the first half with a notable rise in net new logos. 
 
Private Cloud AI orders increased again this quarter with a growing base of new customer wins.  
We recently launched our second-generation PC AI offering designed for enterprise AI inferencing 
and cloud-gapped sovereign environments, which position us for continued growth.  More broadly, 
we are embedding agentic AI capabilities across our storage and data protection portfolio to help 
customers automate AI data pipelines and operations.  We continue to add new Cloud & AI 
agentic services to our GreenLake cloud platform, acquiring new customers and increasing the 
net retention rates for our GreenLake services business, which remains near 110%. 
 
We exited Q2 with approximately 50,000 customers operating their IT in our GreenLake cloud, 
managing more than 6.7 million systems, up from 5.3 million a year ago.  One win that brings the 
power of the full HPE portfolio together is the Dallas Cowboys, the most valuable sports franchise 
in the world.  They came to HPE with a clear objective, modernize their infrastructure, simplify 
operations and build the right secure foundation for AI. 
 
We delivered a comprehensive solution anchored on our HPE GreenLake Private Cloud offering, 
spanning ProLiant servers, Alletra MP Storage and HPE Morpheus Enterprise.  The Cowboys are 
also adopting HPE VM Essentials as their preferred virtualization layer.  This is a strong example 
of the value customers can unlock when they choose HPE as an end-to-end technology partner. 
 
Lastly, HPE Financial Services delivered another outstanding quarter with record return on equity.  
Financial Services deepens customer relationships, supports our GreenLake cloud adoption and 
remains a meaningful competitive advantage as customers ramp their investments in AI. 
 
Before I close, I want to highlight 2 important upcoming events.  In 2 weeks, we are hosting HPE 
Discover in Las Vegas.  We will share updates on our Networking, Cloud & AI strategies, including 


=== page 6 ===
5 
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
Monday, June 1, 2026, 5:00 PM Eastern 
major product announcements, along with a live Q&A for investors and analysts.  I hope to see 
you there.  Then later this fall, we will host a dedicated networking Investor Day. 
 
In closing, HPE delivered an exceptional quarter.  Our results demonstrate that our strategy 
continues to pay-off.  We now expect to significantly exceed our original fiscal 2028 non-GAAP 
earnings per share target and generate at least $3.5 billion in free cash flow in fiscal 2026, two 
years ahead of plan.  The market trends driving our performance remain strong and well aligned 
to our strategy.  We expect demand strength to continue into fiscal 2027 and beyond, which will 
accelerate durable shareholder value as we continue to scale profitably. 
 
We are executing with strong discipline, creating meaningful value from the Juniper acquisition 
and strengthening our position at the intersection of networking, cloud and AI.  With the combined 
strength of HPE and Juniper, we have the portfolio, the talent and the go-to-market scale to lead 
in the market.  I want to thank our team members for their focus and strong execution. 
 
With that, let me turn it to Marie to take you through the financial results and our 2026 and 2027 
outlook.  Marie. 
 
Marie Myers 
Thank you, Antonio, and good afternoon, everyone.  I'm pleased with our outstanding second 
quarter results.  We exceeded our commitments, delivering record revenue and EPS, driven by 
disciplined execution and a strong demand environment.  Our large backlog, favorable industry 
tailwinds and improved demand visibility support a higher growth outlook. 
 
In addition, we are achieving Catalyst cost savings and Juniper synergies ahead of schedule.  As 
a result, we are increasing our fiscal '26 EPS outlook by over 40%.  I will address the drivers 
behind the strong EPS and free cash flow outlook shortly. 
 
But first, let's take a look at our Q2 performance.  Revenue of $10.7 billion was above the high 
end of our guidance range, led by traditional server as customers accelerated investments in 
agentic AI and AI inferencing and by networking, where we saw broad-based growth across the 
portfolio.  Sequentially, revenue grew 15%, reflecting higher average selling prices within our 
server business, driven by ongoing DRAM and NAND inflationary costs and supply constraints. 
 
We continue to work with our partners to secure long-term agreements while executing the pricing 
actions we discussed last quarter.  Gross margin improved to 36.9%, driven by mix as we shape 
demand to higher margin products.  Catalyst savings and Juniper-related synergies also 
contributed to improvement on a year-over-year basis.  Operating profit was $1.4 billion, above 
our expectations, representing a 13.3% operating margin. 
 
As the company scales and we continue to capture accelerated Catalyst cost savings and Juniper 
synergies, we expect operating profit growth to continue to outpace our top line.  EPS was $0.79, 
well above the high end of our guidance.  GAAP EPS was $0.44.  We delivered Q2 free cash flow 
of $915 million, fueled by strong operating profit. 
 
Now, let's turn to our segment results.  Networking delivered another solid quarter.  Revenue of 
$2.7 billion was up 10% on a normalized basis as growth accelerated.  Our backlog continues to 
grow given elevated demand and supply constraints, and this is reflected in the greater than 40% 
sequential growth we saw in our purchase commitments. 
 


=== page 7 ===
6 
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
Monday, June 1, 2026, 5:00 PM Eastern 
We continue to see strong demand for our networks for AI portfolio and now expect cumulative 
orders to reach at least $2 billion by fiscal year-end '26.  Within our product categories, Campus 
& Branch normalized revenue growth accelerated to 10%, anchored by large deals across 
multiple industries.  Security growth inflected positively to 18%, benefiting from improved backlog 
conversion and solid in-quarter demand. 
 
Data center networking and routing grew 6% and 9%, respectively, reflecting robust networks for 
AI demand.  We are optimistic about the demand momentum we are seeing based on our growing 
pipeline.  Across customer verticals, service provider revenue grew 13% and enterprise grew 9% 
on a normalized basis.  Our AI-native self-driving network solution is clearly resonating as 
customers prioritize AI use cases and simplify their network operations. 
 
Network operating margin of 21.6% was in line with guidance, reflecting improved operating 
leverage as Juniper synergies continued to ramp.  The sequential decline in margin reflected two 
factors.  First, Q1 benefited from certain onetime items; and second, Q2 absorbed higher variable 
compensation expense.  We remain focused on disciplined execution, operational efficiencies 
and synergy realization to improve profitability and expand margins in the second half and 
beyond. 
 
Moving to cloud and AI.  We delivered revenue of $7.7 billion, up 23% as strong order activity and 
pass-through of higher costs of new orders in traditional server and storage drove the upside, 
partially offset by supply constraints and timing of AI server shipments. 
 
Financial Services continues to perform well.  Scale benefits drove operating profit of nearly $1 
billion, up 48% sequentially and triple-digits year-over-year, pushing operating margin to 12.4%, 
up 220 basis points sequentially.  Server revenue increased 33% as ASP growth in traditional 
server more than offset supply-constrained unit volumes. 
 
Demand remained broad-based as orders more than doubled year-over-year and increased 
strong double-digits sequentially.  We see accelerating demand in high memory configured 
servers targeted at agentic AI workloads, supporting our expectation of sustainable growth. 
 
AI systems orders of $1.8 billion were more balanced and broad-based this quarter.  Demand is 
expanding beyond AI server factories into broader AI workloads like orchestration, data 
movement and agentic AI.  Service provider orders exceeded the combined total of its prior four 
quarters, underscoring the inherently lumpy nature of our large-scale AI deals. 
 
Our backlog increased nearly 20% sequentially to a new high, and our pipeline remains multiples 
of our backlog.  We continue to expect AI revenue to improve in the back half of the year, now 
peaking in Q4.  Storage revenue grew 2%, driven by strong orders, the ongoing mix shift towards 
higher-value owned IP and disciplined pricing execution. 
 
Alletra MP customer migration momentum accelerated sequentially, driving triple-digit year-over-
year growth in both orders and revenue.  Continued demand strength in private cloud and our 
expanding backlog are driving improved revenue visibility.  Lastly, financial services revenue was 
up 6% and generated an all-time high in return on equity exceeding 30%. 
 
Turning to our Catalyst initiatives and Juniper synergies.  I'm pleased that we are running ahead 
of plan as we work on a range of programs to reduce cost of sales and OPEX across our business.  
As a result of these programs, at quarter end we reported an employee base of just over 65,000, 


=== page 8 ===
7 
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
Monday, June 1, 2026, 5:00 PM Eastern 
the lowest level at which we have operated as a combined company and reflecting an over 9% 
decline since both programs began. 
 
Within Juniper synergies, we continue to focus on the four pillars we laid out at SAM.  Phase 1 of 
the integration, which we completed in January, focused on reducing overlapping corporate 
functions and optimizing sales and service organizations.  As our Mist and Aruba portfolios 
converge, we expect to optimize our R&D spend.  In addition, we plan to continue to leverage 
overall HPE scale to improve commodity prices and consolidate our vendor footprint to drive 
savings through supply chain integration. 
 
Finally, regarding customer support, we intend to leverage scale and digital capabilities inherited 
from Juniper to further improve efficiency and the customer experience.  We expect to exceed 
our annual target of $200 million by the end of fiscal year '26. 
 
I'm pleased with our progress on Catalyst, and we are ahead of plan.  Workforce transformation 
continues to drive the majority of our savings and GenAI-enabled process simplification now 
represents nearly 20% of our fiscal '26 initiative savings.  We are leaning into GenAI to increase 
productivity and reduce costs across the organization, including customer support, HR and 
marketing. 
 
Our teams are driving greater automation, redefining work management and reducing costs.  We 
are also rationalizing our global lab footprint by more than two-thirds and reducing our contractor 
base and supply chain customer service by over 90% through targeted consolidation.  Taken 
together, we are building a leaner, more efficient organization and delivering meaningful benefit 
to our operating margin. 
 
Turning to free cash flow.  We delivered operating cash flow of $1.4 billion.  Free cash flow totaled 
$915 million in Q2, bringing our first half fiscal '26 total to $1.6 billion, about 75% above our prior 
comparable period high reported in fiscal '21. 
 
Our cash conversion cycle improved by two days from Q1, driven primarily by an increase in days 
payable due to higher purchases to support future shipments.  This was offset by an increase in 
days of inventory due to higher inventory in anticipation of second half AI service shipments. 
 
Days receivable increased by five days from the prior quarter due to strong revenue performance 
towards the end of the quarter.  Inventory ended the quarter at $9 billion, up year-over-year and 
sequentially, supporting second half AI installations and targeted commodity purchases. 
 
We remain committed to our capital allocation strategy.  During Q2, we returned $343 million to 
shareholders, including $189 million in common dividends and $154 million via share 
repurchases.  We refinanced $2 billion of debt, received gross proceeds of approximately $1.4 
billion after closing our previously announced H3C transactions last month and used cash on 
hand to retire our term loan. 
 
We expect the net impact will reduce annual net interest expense by approximately $75 million.  
Importantly, we improved our pro forma net leverage ratio to 2.3 times at quarter end, down from 
2.6 times last quarter. 
 
Turning to guidance.  We are taking up our outlook on the back of Q2 results and greater visibility 
into the second half demand environment.  Starting with Q3, we expect total revenue will be 
between $11.5 billion and $12.1 billion, driven by strong demand.  For Networking, we expect 


=== page 9 ===
8 
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
Monday, June 1, 2026, 5:00 PM Eastern 
revenue to grow 73% to 78% year-over-year and on a reported basis or approaching 10% on a 
normalized basis. 
 
We expect revenue performance and synergy realization to help offset the impact of inflationary 
component costs, driving an operating margin rate in line with our full year guidance.  In cloud 
and AI, we expect revenue to grow in the high teens, reflecting demand durability, elevated pricing 
and improved AI systems revenue.  We expect operating margins to be in the low-to-mid-teens. 
 
On a consolidated basis, we expect Q3 total operating expense to increase sequentially, 
supporting seasonal marketing expense and networking R&D investments.  We expect our 
operating margin rate to be up on a sequential basis, driven by improved operating leverage.  
Consequently, we expect EPS between $0.88 and $0.93 and GAAP EPS between $0.84 and 
$0.89.  For fiscal year '26, we are raising our EPS outlook range to $3.35 to $3.45.  We are also 
raising our GAAP EPS range to $2.42 to $2.52. 
 
We are making the following updates to our outlook.  We are raising our full year consolidated 
revenue growth to 29% to 33% on a reported basis or high teens on a normalized basis.  We are 
also raising our full year consolidated operating profit growth outlook to 80% to 85% on a reported 
basis. 
 
For cloud and AI, we expect server demand and pricing to remain durable, driving sustainable 
revenue growth.  Consequently, we are raising our full year cloud and AI revenue growth to the 
low 20% range from our prior mid-to-high single-digit range, driven by higher ASPs in our 
traditional server business and improved AI systems revenue. 
 
We are also raising our operating margin rate outlook too low to mid-teens.  We are raising our 
full year networking revenue growth to 72% to 75% on a reported basis or approaching 10% on 
a normalized basis, reflecting accelerated business performance as our integration efforts take 
hold.  We are lowering our OI&E outlook to a range of $420 million to $460 million, reflecting lower 
net interest expense expectations. 
 
Lastly, we are increasing our free cash flow outlook to at least $3.5 billion, up from our prior 
outlook of at least $2 billion.  We are confident in our new fiscal '26 outlook as we see continued 
order momentum in the business thus far in Q3.  Based on the durability of demand we are seeing 
in our results, we are providing an initial framework for fiscal '27. 
 
We see sustained secular tailwinds driving consolidated revenue growth of 8% to 12% with a 
similar range for both of our networking and cloud and AI segments.  Our outlook assumes an 
acceleration in AI systems revenue growth.  We see improved operating margins of 12% to 16% 
for the company and expect to see a year-over-year reduction in operating expense. 
 
We forecast networking margin in the mid-to high 20% range, driven by scale mix and synergies 
with cloud and AI operating margin in the range of 10% to 15%, depending on the mix of AI 
business and the pace of Catalyst savings.  We expect revenue growth and operating leverage 
to deliver EPS growth of 12% to 16% and free cash flow of at least $4.5 billion. 
 
Our outlook is expected to enable faster debt paydown.  As a result, we now expect to reach our 
2 times net leverage goal by the end of fiscal year '26, one year ahead of schedule.  Once we 
reach our leverage target, we expect to return at least 75% of free cash flow to our shareholders 
via dividends and share repurchases. 
 


=== page 10 ===
9 
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
Monday, June 1, 2026, 5:00 PM Eastern 
To close, Q2 was an outstanding quarter for HPE.  We scaled the business, expanded margins 
and generated significant free cash flow.  We raised our outlook and are building a stronger, more 
profitable HPE.  I'm confident in our ability to create long-term value for our shareholders. 
 
With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator to begin the Q&A. 
 
QUESTION AND ANSWER 
 
Operator 
Thank you.  We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  To ask a question you may 
press "*" then "1" on your touchtone phone.  If you are using a speakerphone, please pick-up your 
handset before pressing the keys.  If at any time your question has been addressed and you 
would like to withdraw your question, please press "*" and then "2."  In the interest of time, please 
limit yourself to one question.  We will now pause momentarily to assemble the roster. 
 
The first question will come from Asiya Merchant with Citi.  Please go ahead. 
 
Asiya Merchant 
Great.  Thank you for taking my question and outstanding results and guidance.  Marie and 
Antonio, I guess folks are kind of talking about enterprise budgets, just given the price inflation 
that you guys are seeing through and being passed through where do you see enterprise budgets 
still sustaining themselves?  And obviously, your guide here now into fiscal year '27, thank you 
very much for that as well.  Many people are concerned that there is some kind of like demand 
cliff that you could see even past the more near-term outlook and growth forecast that you're 
seeing.  What gives you this confidence to now provide fiscal year '27 guide?  If you could help 
us understand, I see it's between networking as well as cloud and AI.  What gives you the 
confidence that you're seeing in being able to provide an early outlook into '27?  That would be 
great.  Thank you. 
 
Antonio Neri 
Well, thank you, Asiya, for the question.  I think it's multiple factors.  Factor number one and 
probably the most important one is the durability of the demand based on what my conversations 
are with customers and the large, large pipeline, which remains multiples of the current backlog.  
And when you look at that demand and the pipeline, it's driven by the use cases we see with 
deployment of AI, all the build-outs of new data centers for AI, obviously, and then the 
modernization taking place in enterprise.  And so, it's a combination of multiple things that 
ultimately give us the confidence to not only provide the new guide for '26, but an early view of 
'27.  So when you think about our results in the first half and the backlog we have and the supply 
that we have on hand and what is coming, that solidifies the '26.  And then in '27, the momentum 
we have in networking is outstanding across all customer segments and as well product 
segments. 
 
We talked about some of the demand that we see today in campus and branch, upper 20% and 
cloud networking, which is in the 30% and so forth.  And customers, when you think about 
budgets, obviously, they are challenged because of the price increases we have seen driven by 
the cost of commodity.  But I can tell you, we have not seen any pull in.  We don't see a cliff.  And 
in many ways, I think customers are prioritizing getting access to technology now faster than ever 
before, because nobody wants to be left behind when it comes down to deploying AI.  I'll give an 
example in our own company.  We have 1,200 use cases in AI.  Marie, which is next to me here, 
is one of the early adopters and I will say, aggressive adopter.  But we have more than 250 use 
cases, mostly agentic AI, which has been already deployed.  And now we see this across the 


=== page 11 ===
10 
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
Monday, June 1, 2026, 5:00 PM Eastern 
entire spectrum.  I was last week in Chicago.  I met with a number of customers and partners, 
and they see this.  And when you go through that motion, then AI inference is growing.  And so, 
we expect that AI inference is going to be an accelerator of our demand as we go forward.  And 
therefore, points to be durable in our demand and our ability to convert that. 
 
Paul Glaser 
Thank you, Asiya.  Next question, please. 
 
Operator 
The next question will come from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.  Please go ahead. 
 
Wamsi Mohan 
Yes, thank you really impressive set of results here and guide.  Antonio, can you give us maybe 
some rough mix of the opportunity that you see?  You mentioned scale up, scale out, scale across, 
especially as you look into fiscal '27.  How do you see that evolve?  And if I could, Marie, the 
growth in free cash flow is well in excess of EPS for '27.  Hoping you might be able to share some 
color on the drivers of that.  Thank you so much. 
 
Antonio Neri 
Well, thank you, Wamsi.  I think it's fairly balanced across the four product segments, Wamsi.  I 
mean, let's start with campus and branch, which has been and is the lion's share of our networking 
mix.  I think the self-driving network vision and now the execution of it is absolutely resonating 
with customers.  We announced that road map last December at the HPE Discover in Barcelona.  
You will see new announcements here in two weeks, our ability to support Aruba switches with 
Mist and cross-pollinate the two platforms.  But ultimately, that AI-driven experience is resonating, 
and I mentioned one of the customers as an example, taking advantage of that. 
 
When I think about data center networking, we grew 20% in enterprise.  That obviously is driving 
synergies with the rest of the portfolio because now we have a full conversation with customers 
across server, storage and networking.  Now, we are introducing in the fall, the new switch with 
the Helios stack reference architecture.  That's the first time to market Tomahawk 6, 1.6 terabits.  
That will be a tailwind as 2027 start adopting that footprint in large service providers.  And then 
obviously, scale-across.  The PTX platform is, I will say, the reference when it comes down for 
data center interconnect and the PTX 10,000 and 12,000 is resonating to drive data center 
interconnect.  So it's fairly balanced, I will say.  And we are early, early in the process.  Obviously, 
you have to win the reference architecture and the kind of the discussion with the customers at 
that level.  But then it's going to be synergies across the rest of the portfolio with compute. 
 
So I feel very good about the momentum.  And kudos to the team who has executed flawlessly.  
And when you think about an integration of this scale, done so fast because as you put in 
perspective, we integrated the R&D teams, we announced the road map.  We didn't miss a bit on 
network innovation.  We integrated the sales force in January, and we're ahead of the integration 
milestones and synergy.  So I think this is a reference for how to do large acquisitions in the 
market. 
 
So Marie, do you want to take... 
 
Marie Myers 
Yes, absolutely.  So one thing…I'll answer your question on the strong free cash flow guide for 
'27, and it's pretty simple.  It's really just based around the expectations that we have of the 
operating profit growth.  And obviously, that supports higher profitability, and that's translating, 


=== page 12 ===
11 
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
Monday, June 1, 2026, 5:00 PM Eastern 
frankly, into cash flow.  And just one other thing just to bear in mind, our '26 baseline actually has 
the charges associated with the Juniper synergies, which obviously you're not going to see that 
level of magnitude repeated in '27.  So that's also one of the benefits that's playing as well into 
the free cash flow guide. 
 
Just to close, as I said in my prepared remarks, that will get us to 2 times leverage by the end of 
'26.  And I think I mentioned that we will pull in our share repo now into early '27 as well.  So I just 
want to sort of close with that comment. 
 
Paul Glaser 
Very good.  Please limit questions to one per analyst.  Next question, please. 
 
Operator 
The next question will come from Amit Daryanani with Evercore.  Please go ahead. 
 
Amit Daryanani 
I can't ask a multipart question.  Paul just called us out on that, I guess now.  So maybe I'll stick 
to one.  And Antonio, this may sound like a bit of a silly question.  But given these numbers are 
so strong, especially when I look at the fiscal '27 guide.  Can you just talk about what's the bigger 
gating factor to growth as you go forward?  Is it customer demand?  Or is it more component 
availability?  And I'm really trying to understand whether the outlook reflects the level of demand 
you're actually seeing today?  Or is there actually additional demand that could be served if 
component supply and availability becomes a bit more easier?  Just love to understand just on 
the component side, what's going on.  Thank you. 
 
Antonio Neri 
Well, thank you, Amit.  I think demand to me equals bookings or orders.  And so we expect that 
demand to be strong and durable well into 2027.  I think we have an amazing portfolio perfectly 
aligned to the inflection point that we see today across networking, cloud and AI.  And so, we are 
uniquely positioned when it comes to demand and bookings.  And as I said in my prepared 
remarks, the pipeline remains multiples of the current backlog, which is record-breaking at the 
company level. 
 
When it comes down to potential upside on the revenue and the ability to convert that, it really 
comes down to availability of supply.  And what we factor both in '26 and '27, first is the allocation 
that we already got in our supply for '26.  I will say our teams have got much more proficient.  By 
the way, using AI to really do a better supply matching with the demand that we have versus the 
supply that we have in terms of what type of mix you want to drive based on the capacity you've 
got allocated.  So that's why with Marie, we provide that new revenue guidance.  There is no 
incremental supply in '26 at this point in time, unless somebody cancels something and then we 
are able to get that.  And in '27, as you know, we have long-term agreements where we lock 
capacity, and we divide that capacity every quarter based on the mix of orders and backlog and 
what we see in the pipeline.  And so all of that, Amit, has been factored in our guide.  So if supply 
improves in '27, with the momentum and demand we have, we may have an upside.  But I will tell 
you, I don't expect the supply availability to change in '27 that much.  Neither the cost will continue 
to be elevated until these new factories will provide the yields to compensate for the incredible 
demand that we see across the portfolio. 
 
Paul Glaser 
Thank you, Amit.  Next question, please. 
 


=== page 13 ===
12 
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
Monday, June 1, 2026, 5:00 PM Eastern 
Operator 
The next question will come from Katherine Murphy with Goldman Sachs.  Please go ahead. 
 
Katherine Murphy 
Thank you for the question.  Can you talk more about the improved AI systems outlook that you 
talked to?  And if there's anything you can share on the demand outlook across customer types, 
and if expectations for AI systems profitability are improved relative to 90 days ago?  Thank you. 
 
Antonio Neri 
Thank you, Katherine.  I will start, and Marie, if you want to add something.  Look, we have been 
very deliberate in our strategy to focus on the markets related to AI where HPE can drive value 
and can drive the portfolio that we have, not just pursuing revenue for the sake of revenue.  And 
those markets has been three.  One is enterprise, and you can see the momentum in enterprise 
and in particular, with our AI factory for enterprise, which is private cloud AI.  By the way, deep, 
deep integration with NVIDIA, and you're going to see more of that in a couple of weeks, which 
includes a lot related to software.  It's not just taking the GPUs and distributing in a server.  And 
by the way, that now includes storage, which is the first platform to be fully certified by NVIDIA 
when it comes down to the file kind of structural data. 
 
Second part, obviously, is sovereign.  Those are long cycles.  But when you think about sovereign, 
I don't think about just large 1 gigawatt factory.  I think about deployments that act as a sovereign 
and ultimately are governed under the sovereign law or air-gapped to meet the sovereign 
requirements.  And then there are large pursuits in a large scale that may take longer to achieve.  
But what we see right now, Katherine, is a huge growth in inferencing.  Inferencing clearly is 
accelerating.  And that's a combination of both GPUs and CPUs.  And this is why we see the 
momentum also on the traditional server because a lot of these inferencing deployments will be 
done on CPUs, and it will be done in locations where the customer feel confident in terms of 
governance, data privacy and so forth. 
 
And that's why I think we all need to realize there is a new market there.  It's not the traditional 
market that we know or have been used to.  But this gives us the confidence that we have the 
right portfolio at the right time to capture this market.  And I believe by the end of the decade, 
much of the demand will be in the inferencing space.  And that's why a combination with 
networking and compute and storage and memory, by the way, will give us the ability to be more 
competitive and honestly harvest more of the value of the gross margin as we go forward. 
 
Marie Myers 
And maybe I'll just add a comment, Katherine, on the margin.  So we typically don't break out our 
AI systems margins.  But as Antonio alluded to, we do see enterprise and sovereign typically 
being a more profitable sort of part of the mix compared to, say, your classic service provider or 
model builder.  So that's just some context to how to think about margins. 
 
Antonio Neri 
And last, I will say, on the service provider, we play selectively in that market.  and we have been 
prioritizing prudent working capital management.  And this is one of the reasons together with the 
cash commercial cycle, which obviously is slower on the AI systems side compared to the 
traditional business side and the fact that we have now sold 100% of the H3C stake that we can 
pay down that debt faster to return to the 2 times leverage commitment that we gave a year earlier, 
and that will allow us to make the right investment and return approximately 75% of capital in 
2027. 
 


=== page 14 ===
13 
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
Monday, June 1, 2026, 5:00 PM Eastern 
Paul Glaser 
Thank you, Katherine.  Next question, please. 
 
Operator 
The next question will come from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.  Please go ahead. 
 
Samik Chatterjee 
Hi, thanks for taking my question and congrats on the strong results and outlook here.  Antonio, 
if I can just on the growth outlook that you have this year and trying to compare that to next year.  
This year, you're expecting cloud and AI to accelerate relative to networking.  But when we get to 
your guidance for next year, you're expecting similar growth rates or the growth rates to converge.  
I'm just wondering, is that more a function you think about the individual drivers being slightly 
different in terms of timing with your customers?  Or is there more of a supply component in there 
as the growth rates converge next year, if you can sort of help me out in terms of what changes 
in the drivers?  Thank you. 
 
Antonio Neri 
Yes.  I think in the cloud and AI outlook, there is the usual lumpiness, I will say of the AI system 
conversion.  And so, that's one aspect.  But then across both segments, there is the timing of 
supply availability.  Look, if you think about networking for a moment, right?  And you think about 
on an average, we grew 10% this past quarter, but we grew 2 times or 3 times the orders, the 
bookings in some of the product segments.  That tells you we are growing much faster than 
revenue.  And then on the Cloud AI, obviously, we have a very large backlog in servers.  And then 
you have the lumpiness of the AI systems.  And also, we have constraints on the NAND side of 
the equation for storage.  So it's a combination of many things.  There is no one specific number.  
But as memory becomes available, then we should see an acceleration of conversion.  But again, 
don't expect that to happen early on in that cycle in '27.  If anything, maybe at the end of '27.  But 
once again, we factor all of that in our 8% to 12% guide for 2027. 
 
Paul Glaser 
Thank you, Samik.  Next question, please. 
 
Operator 
The next question will come from David Vogt with UBS.  Please go ahead. 
 
David Vogt 
Great.  Thanks, guys, for the details, really appreciated.  Maybe, Antonio, can we touch on 
networking for a second.  So obviously, strong results there, really strong orders.  But just trying 
to get a sense for how we think about how those orders flow into the business, because you 
guided approaching kind of double-digit normalized growth for this year and effectively double-
digit growth at the midpoint for next year.  Is there a reason why we're not seeing an acceleration?  
And then along those lines, what's driving the margin uplift next year in fiscal '27 in the networking 
business, particularly given the supply chain constraints and cost inflation that you've mentioned 
earlier?  Thanks. 
 
Antonio Neri 
Yes.  Thanks, David.  Look, it's all about supply chain.  Supply chain is the name of the game in 
networking.  Some of these products have DDR4, some have DDR5.  Some have other 
components that are constrained by the wafer capacity.  We continue to work with our suppliers.  
By the way, we believe now we are the largest OEM partner of Broadcom in the networking space 
and also combined with the rest of the business.  So it's all about the supply availability in that 


=== page 15 ===
14 
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
Monday, June 1, 2026, 5:00 PM Eastern 
moment in time to convert these orders.  And I think that's the opportunity, I will say.  I think on 
one hand is a challenge.  But on the other hand, it's an opportunity.  If something unlocks there, 
then it will be faster conversion of this amazing momentum we have in networking into revenue.  
So that's what it is. 
 
And Marie, do you want to talk about the operating margin. 
 
Marie Myers 
Yes.  On the op margins themselves…David, good afternoon.  What you're seeing in '27 is actually 
the full year benefit of the Juniper synergies program, which you recall, we started when we closed 
the deal.  So all of that, we expect is going to flow on a full year basis from '26 into '27.  And 
frankly, that's what's driving the margins.  And I might add, it actually also helps us on cost of 
sales as well.  So as we sort of buffer some of the impact that we've discussed here today on 
commodity costs, we're seeing some of those benefits help us out on gross margins as well. 
 
Paul Glaser 
Thank you, David.  Turning to our next question, please. 
 
Operator 
The next question will come from Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley.  Please go ahead. 
 
Erik Woodring 
Hi, guys.  Thank you for taking my questions.  And I echo the congrats on the quarter and the 
outlook.  Antonio, when you take a step-back, can you just help us better understand exactly what 
has happened over the last 90 days in cloud and AI?  And what I really mean by that is your 
significant price hikes were already well-known last quarter.  So that's not a surprise.  But now 
you're looking obviously at low 20% year-over-year cloud and AI revenue growth versus 90 days, 
you thought it would be mid-to high single-digits.  So exactly what changed so abruptly in the last 
90 days?  And can you help us understand what customer base cohort did this inflection come 
from?  Thanks so much. 
 
Antonio Neri 
Yes.  Thanks, Erik.  Well, I will say at the core is demand acceleration.  And I think that demand 
acceleration was manifested on a number of categories in the Cloud AI business.  Obviously, the 
traditional server, I talked before about the concern to get access to products and don't wait for 
things to improve.  I think that was very clear. 
 
Second is the agentic AI.  Definitely, there has been a key driver of demand acceleration.  I think 
on the storage side, obviously, we have our own benefit because we are forcing a transition to 
our Alletra MP because also we are end-of-life in legacy products.  And then we introduced new 
data platforms with object, which we expect to accelerate now with the introduction of file.  I think 
there is a combination of virtualization modernization because customers with the new 
commercial terms, they're very concerned about cost.  When you modernize your software 
virtualization estate, by definition, you're modernizing the infrastructure that sits underneath.  
That's a combination of our Morpheus dragging the Private Cloud business addition for 
virtualization. 
 
And as we grow private cloud AI, call it, AI factory for enterprise, that infrastructure and software 
is pretty much the same.  The only really changes is the GPUs in the server and the Alletra 
X10000 in the Storage.  But then GreenLake also is a driver of additional adoption of technology 
because once you're on the platform, as I said earlier, we have a net retention rate of near 110%.  


=== page 16 ===
15 
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
Monday, June 1, 2026, 5:00 PM Eastern 
And obviously, as budget gets constrained, we expect, obviously, the consumption model to grow 
over the next few quarters because you move to more of an OPEX model.  So it's a combination 
of many things.  But the pipeline and the customer engagement are super strong.  And then 
obviously, the networking provides a core foundation to drive cross synergies as we go forward. 
 
Paul Glaser 
Thank you, Erik.  Next question, please. 
 
Operator 
The next question will come from Matthew Niknam with Truist.  Please go ahead. 
 
Matthew Niknam 
Hi guys, I will echo the congrats, everyone, has relayed  as well, phenomenal results.  Antonio, 
you mentioned cross-portfolio sales.  And I'm wondering how prevalent these are right now?  And 
is it in the context of more security and networking among enterprise customers?  Or are you 
seeing more cross-portfolio purchasing across server, storage and networking product sets to 
really bring some of these Juniper revenue synergies to fruition?  Thanks. 
 
Antonio Neri 
Well, thank you.  I think it's the latter, and I will say it's early even because, as I said in my opening 
remarks, our enterprise data center switching orders grew 20%.  And that's very early.  Very early 
in the process.  We see now larger deals and larger engagement because we have the scale of 
our sales force where the networking sales force can get access to customers that in the past, 
they were not able to get to.  And then there is the product integration.  To give a sense of the 
product integration, we are integrating what is called the Apstra lifecycle management or intent-
based provisioning for data center switching with Morpheus.  What that allows us to do is to 
provide a full hybrid control plane for server, storage and networking and also integrating the 
software-defined networking into the VM Essentials stack. 
 
That also will drive the data center switching inside the private cloud reference architecture.  
Eventually, when we move into the ethernet-based storage as the speeds continue to grow, that's 
going to be, of course, a Juniper switch at the 1.6 terabits.  So I will say we are early.  Now 
networking and security, that's more insulated within networking because, obviously, if you think 
about the edge, deploying a SASE or a secure service edge, that will drive convergence between 
network and security.  But there, we are not thinking about driving security convergence just at 
the software level.  We are taking a bold approach, which is to drive it at the silicon level.  And 
you're going to see more of that as we go forward with Rami and team. 
 
Paul Glaser 
Thank you, Matt.  Next question, please. 
 
Operator 
The next question will come from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo.  Please go ahead. 
 
Aaron Rakers 
Yes, thanks for taking  the questions.  Also, congrats on the results.  Very impressive.  I guess 
my question, some of it's been a little bit asked, but I want to go back to the traditional server 
business, 40-plus percent year-on-year growth, very impressive.  But I'm curious if you could 
unpack how much we're seeing in terms of the ability to price through some of the inflationary 
component costs relative to underlying unit demand.  And I guess, when we look forward, does 


=== page 17 ===
16 
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
Monday, June 1, 2026, 5:00 PM Eastern 
the guidance reflect a continued expectation of price increases to mitigate any margin impacts?  
Any kind of color of what you've done on the pricing strategy would be helpful.  Thank you. 
 
Antonio Neri 
Yes.  Thank you, Aaron.  Look, units are up, and we expect units to increase as we go forward 
because as prices normalize, obviously, the UPM  units will rebalance, but units were up slightly 
this quarter. 
 
The second part of this is that the pricing, we have been very disciplined, right?  And obviously, 
we have seen significant dislocation on the cost.  We expect that to moderate in the second half 
and eventually normalize.  But I will say, Aaron, that, that cost environment and pricing 
environment will continue to be very elevated in 2027.  But the units will rebalance.  And as we 
said earlier, right, we expect that demand to continue to be very strong as we look into 2027, 
especially the content is going to change because of the agentic AI deployment. 
 
Marie Myers 
And maybe I'll just add a couple of comments just on the margin durability.  We do also see the 
impact of our Catalyst program helping us out both on gross and operating margins.  And I think 
I commented in my prepared remarks, we were slightly ahead.  So that's giving us confidence 
around the durability of those margins.  And we do expect that the…to see some improvement in 
unit volumes in the back half of the year as well. 
 
Paul Glaser 
Aaron.  Next question, please. 
 
Operator 
The next question will come from Tim Long with Barclays.  Please go ahead. 
 
Tim Long 
Thank you.  I was hoping to touch on storage for a minute here.  Maybe just…if you could just 
talk a little bit about kind of seeing the outsized growth in server, but not in storage.  What you 
would think about kind of pull-through there?  And I would assume you're…I know there's a lot of 
ASP increase in servers because of DRAM, but I think also some in storage because of NAND.  
So maybe could you touch on that dynamic around the storage business?  Thank you. 
 
Antonio Neri 
Yes, sure.  Look, the Alletra MP block customer migration accelerated.  We talk about driving 
triple-digit year-over-year growth on the Alletra MP, which is a go-forward platform, in both orders 
and revenue.  Marie talked about that.  Obviously, that takes time to see in the total number, 
but…because we have other stuff in the storage.  But overall, the storage was up 2%, but the 
Alletra MP, which is the platform that has both block, file with object is growing triple-digits both 
revenue and orders.  And remember that revenue is also somewhat impacted by the fact that we 
are deferring a portion of the revenue over a longer period of time.  Why that's the case?  Because 
our software is a SaaS-based solution on that CAPEX, which is the hardware.  But the takeaway, 
our go-forward platform is growing triple-digits, both orders and revenue.  And over time, that's 
going to fuel the growth in the total storage which has become the biggest part of the portfolio. 
 
Paul Glaser 
Okay.  Thank you.  Operator, this will be the last question, please. 
 
 


=== page 18 ===
17 
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
Monday, June 1, 2026, 5:00 PM Eastern 
Operator 
The final question will come from Simon Leopold with Raymond James. 
 
Simon Leopold 
Hi, guys.  I think most of the questions have been asked.  I guess we've heard some contradictory 
commentary from some of your peers regarding pull-through orders.  Just curious what's giving 
you the confidence that the strength this quarter doesn't reflect any of that?  And what's giving 
you confidence in the sustainability going forward? 
 
Antonio Neri 
Yes, Simon.  I mean, we have no evidence in our orders or backlog of any pulls in.  And honestly, 
unlike COVID, where people maybe were also doing double bookings, we don't see that at all.  
And we have no cancellations.  So that's the answer related to that question.  And because of the 
pipeline that we have, we feel confident about the durability of that demand, which will drive the 
sustained momentum.  And that's why Marie and I went on and we provided the guidance for '26 
as we did and the financial framework for '27.  That's what we see. 
 
CONCLUSION 
 
Antonio Neri 
Well, good.  I know there's more questions, but I know the team will follow up-with you.  I just want 
to wrap by saying we delivered an exceptional quarter with record-breaking results.  That…those 
results were driven by the strong demand that we see in the market, strong disciplined execution 
and honestly, our strategy because our strategy is more encompassing when it comes down to 
networking, cloud and AI.  The Juniper acquisition, in my mind has been a home run and is proving 
to be a big source of shareholder value creation.  And therefore, we believe the strategy is 
working.  I think our portfolio is the strongest it has ever been, and you're going to see more of 
that here in two weeks, because I will encourage you to log in either the keynote or to be in person 
there. 
 
We're going to have seven acres of technology on display, just to put it in perspective, and you're 
going to see the synergies across the portfolio as we were talking about it.  And the most important 
part is that we are building durable momentum for the future.  These results is not a onetime thing.  
It's the combination of the quality of earnings that we are driving across the portfolio.  And my 
view is that we're just unlocking the value that was always here in the company.  And I think there 
is more to be done.  But I'm very proud of what the team has delivered this quarter and the guide 
that we provided as we think about '26 and '27. 
 
So thank you again for your time.  Hope to see you soon or at HPE Discover. 
 
Operator 
The conference has now concluded.  Thank you for attending today's presentation.  You may now 
disconnect. 
