Hyperscalers face higher capex scrutiny after Alphabet report panned
Skip Navigation
Markets
Pre-Markets
U.S. Markets
Europe Markets
China Markets
Asia Markets
World Markets
Currencies
Prediction Markets
Cryptocurrency
Futures & Commodities
Bonds
Funds & ETFs
Business
Economy
Finance
Health & Science
Media
Real Estate
Energy
Climate
Transportation
Investigations
Industrials
Retail
Wealth
Sports
Life
Small Business
Investing
Personal Finance
Fintech
Financial Advisors
Options Action
ETF Street
Buffett Archive
Earnings
Trader Talk
Tech
Cybersecurity
AI
Enterprise
Internet
Media
Mobile
Social Media
CNBC Disruptor 50
Tech Guide
Politics & Policy
White House
Policy
Defense
Congress
Expanding Opportunity
Europe Politics
China Politics
Asia Politics
World Politics
Video
Latest Video
Full Episodes
Livestream
Top Video
Live Audio
Europe TV
Asia TV
CNBC Podcasts
CEO Interviews
Digital Originals
Watchlist
Investing Club
Trust Portfolio
Analysis
Trade Alerts
Meeting Videos
Homestretch
Jim's Columns
Education
Subscribe
PRO
Pro News
Josh Brown
Mike Santoli
Calls of the Day
My Portfolio
Livestream
Full Episodes
Stock Screener
Market Forecast
Options Investing
Chart Investing
Subscribe
Livestream
Menu
Make It
select
USA
INTL
Livestream
Search quotes, news & videos
Livestream
Watchlist
SIGN IN
Create free account
Markets
Business
Investing
Tech
Politics & Policy
Video
Watchlist
Investing Club
PRO
Livestream
Menu
Tech
Amazon, Meta and Microsoft face skeptical investors this week after Google report sparked sell-off
Published Tue, Jul 28 2026
8:00 AM EDT
Updated Tue, Jul 28 2026
3:45 PM EDT
Jordan Novet
@in/jordannovet/
Annie Palmer
@in/annierpalmer/
WATCH LIVE
Key Points
Shares of Amazon, Meta and Microsoft tumbled after Alphabet hiked its 2026 capital expenditure forecast, even as the search company reported accelerating cloud growth.
The other three hyperscalers are all set to report results this week.
Alphabet's move makes it more likely that Amazon and Microsoft will follow course, according to Evercore ISI's Mark Mahaney.
In this article
GOOGL
AMZN
META
MSFT
Follow your favorite stocks
CREATE FREE ACCOUNT
Andy Jassy, President and CEO of Amazon, Mark Zuckerberg, CEO of Meta and Satya Nadella, CEO of Microsoft.
Noah Berger | Manuel Orbegozo | Reuters | Peerapon Boonyakiat | SOPA Images | Lightrocket | Getty Images
Alphabet
had long been Wall Street's favorite hyperscaler due to its expertise in converting high capital expenditures into revenue.
But investors expressed displeasure with company's plans, announced on Wednesday along with
second-quarter earnings
, to boost its 2026 capex forecast, as the internet giant rushes to open new data centers for
artificial intelligence
.
Shares of Google's parent slid 7% on Thursday, and
Amazon
,
Meta
and
Microsoft
all fell as well, underscoring increased scrutiny of infrastructure investments that are resulting in dwindling cash piles with uncertain returns. The three megacaps are set to report quarterly results this week.
In recent quarters, investors cheered capital spending hikes, interpreting them as proof of healthy demand and a maturing revenue backlog. Alphabet received the best reception on Wall Street — the stock is up about 70% over the past year — because its cloud infrastructure business has been growing faster than rivals and its Gemini models and services have gained traction in a market dominated by OpenAI and Anthropic.
But if last week's report is a guide, Google is no longer getting the benefit of the doubt. And Mark Mahaney, head of internet research at Evercore ISI, wrote in a note Wednesday that Alphabet's capex boost "increases the odds of similar behavior" from Amazon and Microsoft.
VIDEO
10:24
10:24
Watch CNBC's full interview with Google Cloud CEO Thomas Kurian
Microsoft and Meta will be next in testing investor appetite, when they report after the close on Wednesday. Amazon follows on Thursday.
In April, Microsoft projected
$190 billion
worth of capex and finance leases for the year, including $25 billion from higher component prices, as AI chip demand eats up memory supply.
"If they raise capex again, based on what we saw in the reaction of Google [last week], it's probably going to lead to selling pressure in the stock," Cowen analyst Derrick Wood told CNBC in an interview. Analysts polled by Visible Alpha expect $190.1 billion from Microsoft.
Following Alphabet's report, the consensus for Amazon crept up almost $2 billion to $207.4 billion, according to Visible Alpha.
'Growing AI fatigue'
Amazon in February guided to
$200 billion
in capex for 2026, the highest among the group until Alphabet lifted the top end of its forecast to $205 billion. The company maintained that forecast in April, with CEO Andy Jassy telling investors at the time that its "plan is largely the same."
Several analysts wrote in research notes earlier this month that they expect Amazon to lift its capex guide for the year, as the company boosts investments in AI, custom chips and other costly bets like its nascent satellite internet service, and given higher memory prices.
Jake Dollarhide, CEO of Longbow Asset Management, whose top holding is Amazon, wrote in an email that the online retailer could struggle to impress investors "in this environment of growing AI fatigue, the sudden questioning of meteoric capex budget increases and Silicon Valley and the Mag 7 taking on noticeable levels of debt in order to fund the massive data center buildout."
Amazon's long-term debt shot up 81% to $119 billion from Dec. 31 to March 31. Alphabet's rose 111% to $98 billion during the first six months of 2026, while the company, long viewed as a money-printing machine, turned cash flow negative in the second quarter for the first time.
Stock Chart Icon
Stock chart icon
Amazon, Meta, Microsoft stock chart
Wedbush analysts wrote in a Thursday note that Alphabet's report suggested capacity remains constrained in the face of strong demand, and that there's a "willingness to spend." But they don't view a potential capex boost from Amazon as a complete negative.
"We view the trade-off as worthwhile given AWS's re-acceleration and Amazon's expanding platform advantages across Bedrock, Alexa and its logistics network," wrote the analysts, who recommend buying Amazon stock.
While Google's cloud has been growing faster, Amazon Web Services still leads the cloud infrastructure market, with Microsoft second. Google's cloud was 30% the size of AWS in 2020 and nearly 50% in the first quarter of 2026. Its cloud business recorded 82% expansion in the second quarter, the fastest growth since at least 2020, after increasing 63% in the prior period.
AWS revenue rose 28% in the first quarter, and analysts surveyed by FactSet expect nearly 32% for the second quarter. Revenue from Microsoft's Azure and other cloud services grew 40% in the first quarter, with FactSet's second-quarter consensus at 39%.
Read more CNBC tech news
What Amodei's AI slowdown could mean for Anthropic's imminent IPO
AI models are becoming the 'most potent cyber weapon' ever created, Cohere CEO says
China says AI CEOs' call for a slowdown is 'fear mongering'
Anthropic's Amodei says China presents 'toughest dilemma' for his proposed AI slowdown
Mahaney wrote that cloud "demand appears relentless," but he noted that it's "hard to see anyone matching" Google's cloud growth rate during the quarter.
Meta, the lone hyperscaler that doesn't have an established cloud business, is expected to record capex this year of $138.9 billion and told investors in April that the number could reach $145 billion. The company is now looking to
sell computing power
to third parties.
For now, Meta is still throwing off cash. Analysts surveyed by FactSet expect Microsoft's free cash flow to go negative in the fourth quarter for the first time since at least 2001.
Amazon's free cash flow flipped into the red in the first quarter, and analysts surveyed by FactSet forecast it will stay there for the full year. The company last had negative free cash flow in 2021 and 2022 as it
doubled
its warehouse footprint in response to a pandemic-driven surge in e-commerce demand.
"I think that patience is required for these names because I do think that these will be AI winners over sort of the medium and longer term," said Tiffany Wade, a fund manager at Columbia Threadneedle, which held positions in Alphabet, Amazon and Microsoft at the end of June.
On Alphabet's earnings call, CEO
Sundar Pichai
contended that his company's strategy of calling in outside vendors for extra computing power to meet cloud demand will yield attractive margins within years, despite the cost.
"I think that's probably the right thing to do," Wade said. "You don't want to be turning away customers because you don't have capacity."
WATCH:
Investors punish heavy AI spenders, while rewarding the capex-lite business models
watch now
VIDEO
5:24
05:24
Investors punish heavy AI spenders, while rewarding the capex-lite business models
TechCheck
Choose CNBC as your preferred source on Google and never miss a moment from the most trusted name in business news.
Subscribe to CNBC PRO
Subscribe to Investing Club
Licensing & Reprints
CNBC Councils
Join the CNBC Panel
Digital Products
News Releases
Closed Captioning
Corrections
About CNBC
Internships
Site Map
Careers
Help
Contact
News Tips
Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you.
Get In Touch
CNBC Newsletters
Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox
Sign Up Now
Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.
Advertise With Us
Please Contact Us
Ad Choices
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
CA Notice
Terms of Service
©
2026
Versant Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Versant Media Company.
Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes.
Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data
and Analysis.
Market Data Terms of Use and Disclaimers
Data also provided by